sample/tencent/matrix/trace/StartUpContentProvider.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.StartUpContentProvider
sample/tencent/matrix/issue/ParseIssueUtil.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.issue.ParseIssueUtil
sample/tencent/matrix/trace/StartUpBroadcastReceiver.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.StartUpBroadcastReceiver
sample/tencent/matrix/battery/TestBatteryActivity.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.battery.TestBatteryActivity
 sample.tencent.matrix.battery.TestBatteryActivity$1
 sample.tencent.matrix.battery.TestBatteryActivity$2
 sample.tencent.matrix.battery.TestBatteryActivity$2$1
 sample.tencent.matrix.battery.TestBatteryActivity$3
 sample.tencent.matrix.battery.TestBatteryActivity$4
sample/tencent/matrix/hooks/OtherProcessService.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.hooks.OtherProcessService
sample/tencent/matrix/io/TestIOActivity.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.io.TestIOActivity
 sample.tencent.matrix.io.TestIOActivity$1
sample/tencent/matrix/trace/StartUpService.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.StartUpService
sample/tencent/matrix/hooks/TestHooksActivity.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.hooks.TestHooksActivity
 sample.tencent.matrix.hooks.TestHooksActivity$1
 sample.tencent.matrix.hooks.TestHooksActivity$2
 sample.tencent.matrix.hooks.TestHooksActivity$3
sample/tencent/matrix/config/MatrixEnum.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.config.MatrixEnum
sample/tencent/matrix/MainActivity.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.MainActivity
 sample.tencent.matrix.MainActivity$1
 sample.tencent.matrix.MainActivity$2
 sample.tencent.matrix.MainActivity$3
 sample.tencent.matrix.MainActivity$4
 sample.tencent.matrix.MainActivity$5
 sample.tencent.matrix.MainActivity$6
sample/tencent/matrix/trace/TestOtherProcessActivity.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.TestOtherProcessActivity
sample/tencent/matrix/issue/IssueFilter.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.issue.IssueFilter
 sample.tencent.matrix.issue.IssueFilter$FILTER
sample/tencent/matrix/config/DynamicConfigImplDemo.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.config.DynamicConfigImplDemo
sample/tencent/matrix/hooks/JNIObj.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.hooks.JNIObj
sample/tencent/matrix/trace/TestStartUpActivity.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.TestStartUpActivity
sample/tencent/matrix/trace/TestTraceFragmentActivity.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.TestTraceFragmentActivity
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.TestTraceFragmentActivity$1
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.TestTraceFragmentActivity$2
sample/tencent/matrix/issue/IssuesMap.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.issue.IssuesMap
sample/tencent/matrix/trace/TestTraceMainActivity.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.TestTraceMainActivity
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.TestTraceMainActivity$AssertionArrayException
sample/tencent/matrix/resource/ManualDumpActivity.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.resource.ManualDumpActivity
 sample.tencent.matrix.resource.ManualDumpActivity$1
 sample.tencent.matrix.resource.ManualDumpActivity$1$1
sample/tencent/matrix/trace/SecondFragment.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.SecondFragment
sample/tencent/matrix/listener/TestPluginListener.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.listener.TestPluginListener
 sample.tencent.matrix.listener.TestPluginListener$1
sample/tencent/matrix/trace/TestFpsActivity.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.TestFpsActivity
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.TestFpsActivity$1
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.TestFpsActivity$2
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.TestFpsActivity$3
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.TestFpsActivity$4
sample/tencent/matrix/sqlitelint/TestDBHelper.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.sqlitelint.TestDBHelper
sample/tencent/matrix/resource/TestLeakActivity.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.resource.TestLeakActivity
sample/tencent/matrix/sqlitelint/TestSQLiteLintHelper.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.sqlitelint.TestSQLiteLintHelper
sample/tencent/matrix/trace/TestEnterActivity.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.TestEnterActivity
sample/tencent/matrix/MatrixApplication.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.MatrixApplication
 sample.tencent.matrix.MatrixApplication$1
sample/tencent/matrix/battery/BatteryCanaryInitHelper.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.battery.BatteryCanaryInitHelper
 sample.tencent.matrix.battery.BatteryCanaryInitHelper$1
 sample.tencent.matrix.battery.BatteryCanaryInitHelper$BatteryStatsListener
sample/tencent/matrix/issue/IssuesListActivity.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.issue.IssuesListActivity
 sample.tencent.matrix.issue.IssuesListActivity$Adapter
 sample.tencent.matrix.issue.IssuesListActivity$Adapter$1
 sample.tencent.matrix.issue.IssuesListActivity$ViewHolder
sample/tencent/matrix/sqlitelint/TestSQLiteLintActivity.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.sqlitelint.TestSQLiteLintActivity
 sample.tencent.matrix.sqlitelint.TestSQLiteLintActivity$1
sample/tencent/matrix/trace/FirstFragment.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.trace.FirstFragment
sample/tencent/matrix/SplashActivity.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.SplashActivity
 sample.tencent.matrix.SplashActivity$1
sample/tencent/matrix/BuildConfig.java
 sample.tencent.matrix.BuildConfig
